# ALLNegJPN

This project contains the data processing and analysis files from Experiment 2 and Experiment 3 of my dissertation (described in Chapter 4 and Chapter 5 respectively).

Experiment 2 / Chapter 4: The raw data generated by Lioness is in ENG_raw_data folder. The Ch4_DataPreparation.Rmd file in the Rmds folder transforms the raw data into the tidy data used for analysis and saves it in the tidy_data folder. The Ch4_Analysis.Rmds file in the Rmds folder contains the code used for data analysis and plotting.

Experiment 3 / Chapter 5: The raw data generated by Pavlovia is in JPN_raw_data folder. The raw and organized questionnaire data from Qualtrics is in the JPN_q_data folder. The JPN_DataPreparation.Rmd file in the Rmds folder transforms the raw data into the tidy data used for analysis and saves it in the tidy_data folder. The JPN_Analysis.Rmds file in the Rmds folder contains the code used for data analysis and plotting.

Experiment 2-3 comparison in Chapter 5: The ENGFCT, ENGNegProd, and ENGProd files in tidy_data/ are generated by the ENG_DataPreparation file from the same raw data as Ch4FCT, Ch4NegProd, and Ch4Prod, but are used for comparison with the Experiment 3 data, so exclude the data from the Interaction and Recall 2 phases (since these were not present in Experiment 3). These data were also generated using a slightly stricter accuracy cutoff (>75% accuracy in the Recall 1 phase), to match the accuracy cutoff in Experiment 2. The ENG-JPN_Analysis file contains the analysis with the combined data.